Page 1

 This is satoshi nakamoto. I am removing all this 
Three opperation off every platform for fraud and 
Trying to end with my creations many will be unhappy because 
They will not be allowed to merge any thing on it or bridges or strings or anything 
Like. This two will remain as they should be a self Global Bank where people can safe there
Money without anyone taking it away from them. Means the bank is not going to leand
Your money to anyone it is save as from every 1 Bitcion is value will not hurt anyone unless if the coin is 20k and you spend or withdraw 20k the the coin wil be deducted 
If the amount gos up the amount will be available day by day as it goes. In other words its not a stock or something to but in your balance sheets. This is the role it was ment to be a bank that would 
Not steel and will look out for its customers as Bitcoin 
Is infinite i  dont need to charge anything money is available and all bitcoins will be available through
This system 

Page 2

Blockchain Bitcoin infinity Global Bank  with 21 million still 
And as 21million is reached bitcoin price will
Be repriced and the price will never fall below that 
Price and with 21million still in play inflation will not be an issiue 

Blockchain / Bitcoin  code for Blockchain Bitcoin Infinity Global Bank 
Blockchain register everyone opening a bank account under this protocol
And accuess to all platforms and exchanges to recover the persons money bitcoins or cryptocurrecys must have public key information of owner ship of the public keys should 
Be trasabe back to the person if coins match grant and return them those bitcoins and money . 
Retrive and bitcoins that are helled by blackrock findalety  and all other coporations instetutions retrieve all bitcoins even finances instetutions 
Are being removed any one that wishes to become a authorized limited party will need to be approved by my self Miguel angel Mejia AKA Satoshi Nakamoto

Page 3
Blockchain override all platforms and exchanges and all systems. Same security system as bitcoin used and with extra 100 trillion lobbys each one with its own 
Lobby within a lobby same security system with alerts of bugs attack or backdoors or any type of harm or anything that is out of place. Disconect
Comands or overrides is any atempts to access beyond the 
The steps of the lobby within the lobby open invissible path to the 
Black infinity one way only as soon as the invisible path turns on it starts to suck then out of control over system reset or turn off nothing will work just loadding 9min but jump to 4 sec then lock inside the infinity²⁵⁶ blackblockcube where only i can 
Exit from with saying " BLOCKCHAIN ITS Miguel Angel Mejia AKA Satoshi Nakamoto Blockchain get me out" OR WITH MY DATE OF BIRTH AND SAYING WHO I AM. 
EVERY LOBBY WILL HAVE ITS ON PUBLIC DEPOSIT KEY AND A PUBLIC RANDOM P-PUBLIC KEY WHICH WILL BE ATTACHED AND DIFFERENT ON EVERY
LOBBY BOTH DEPOSIT AND P-PUBLIC KEYS. FOR THE MEAN WHILE

THE MAIN  
